A person is training his horse for a competition .
A person is at a diner , ordering an omelette .
A person is outdoors , on a horse .
They are smiling at their parents
There are children present
The kids are frowning
The boy skates down the sidewalk .
The boy does a skateboarding trick .
The boy is wearing safety equipment .
An older man drinks his juice as he waits for his daughter to get off work .
A boy flips a burger .
An elderly man sits in a small shop .
Some women are hugging on vacation .
The women are sleeping .
There are women showing affection .
The people are eating omelettes .
The people are sitting at desks in school .
The diners are at a restaurant .
A man is drinking juice .
Two women are at a restaurant drinking wine .
A man in a restaurant is waiting for his meal to arrive .
A blond man getting a drink of water from a fountain in the park .
A blond man wearing a brown shirt is reading a book on a bench in the park
A blond man drinking water from a fountain .
The friends scowl at each other over a full dinner table .
There are two woman in this picture .
The friends have just met for the first time in 20 years , and have had a great time catching up .
The two sisters saw each other across the crowded diner and shared a hug , both clutching their doggie bags .
Two groups of rival gang members flipped each other off .
Two women hug each other .
A team is trying to score the games winning out .
A team is trying to tag a runner out .
A team is playing baseball on Saturn .
A school hosts a basketball game .
A high school is hosting an event .
A school is hosting an event .
The women do not care what clothes they wear .
Women are waiting by a tram .
The women enjoy having a good fashion sense .
A child with mom and dad , on summer vacation at the beach .
A family of three is at the beach .
A family of three is at the mall shopping .
The people waiting on the train are sitting .
There are people just getting on a train
There are people waiting on a train .
A couple are playing with a young child outside .
A couple are playing frisbee with a young child at the beach .
A couple watch a little girl play by herself on the beach .
The family is sitting down for dinner .
The family is outside .
The family is on vacation .
The people are standing still on the curb .
Near a couple of restaurants , two people walk across the street .
The couple are walking across the street together .
The woman is nake .
The woman is cold .
The woman is wearing green .
The man with the sign is caucasian .
They are protesting outside the capital .
A woman in white .
A man is advertising for a restaurant .
The woman is wearing black .
A man and a woman walk down a crowded city street .
The woman is wearing white .
They are working for John 's Pizza .
Olympic swimming .
A man and a soman are eating together at John 's Pizza and Gyro .
They are walking with a sign .
The woman is waiting for a friend .
The man is sitting down while he has a sign for John 's Pizza and Gyro in his arms .
The woman and man are outdoors .
A woman ordering pizza .
The people are related .
Two adults run across the street to get away from a red shirted person chasing them .
The adults are both male and female .
Two people walk home after a tasty steak dinner .
Two adults swimming in water
Two adults walk across a street .
Two people ride bicycles into a tunnel .
Two people walk away from a restaurant across a street .
Two adults walking across a road near the convicted prisoner dressed in red
Two friends cross a street .
Some people board a train .
Two adults walk across the street .
Two adults walking across a road
There are no women in the picture .
Two adults walk across the street to get away from a red shirted person who is chasing them .
A married couple is sleeping .
A female is next to a man .
A married couple is walking next to each other .
Nobody has food .
A woman eats a banana and walks across a street , and there is a man trailing behind her .
The woman and man are playing baseball together .
two coworkers cross pathes on a street
A woman eats ice cream walking down the sidewalk , and there is another woman in front of her with a purse .
The mans briefcase is for work .
A person eating .
A person that is hungry .
An actress and her favorite assistant talk a walk in the city .
a woman eating a banana crosses a street
